OD2-Unit1 知识清单
上课内容
Unit1 Amazing Animals
学习目标
单词1
会听、会说、会读、会默写
短语
in many ways 在很多方面
put them into groups.把他们分成小组
Lay eggs产卵
短语会造句
阅读技巧
To compare things, we tell how they're the same. Honeybees and birds both have wings
To contrast things, we tell how they're different.
Honeybees make hives. Birds make nests.
为了比较事物，我们告诉他们如何相同。蜜蜂和鸟类都有翅膀，为了对比事物，我们告诉它们的不同之处。蜜蜂造蜂巢。鸟筑巢。
重点句型
They're different in many amazing ways. 它们有很多惊人的不同之处。
Here we look at how they are the same and how they are different. 下面我们来看看它们的相同之处和不同之处。
This helps us put them into groups.这有助于我们将他们分组。
The wings and feathers help them fly and the feathers help keep them warm.
翅膀和羽毛帮助它们飞行，羽毛帮助它们保暖。
Birds lay eggs with hard shells. 鸟下蛋的壳很硬。
Fish have gills to help them breathe in water. 鱼有鳃帮助它们在水中呼吸。
Scales all over their bodies help keep them safe from dangerous fish that want to bite them.  它们全身的鳞片有助于保护它们免受想要咬它们的危险鱼类的伤害。
They have gills when they're young and the gills help them breathe in water.它们小的时候有腮，腮帮助它们在水中呼吸。
Whales are water mammals, and cats, rabbits, and lions are land mammals. 鲸鱼是水生哺乳动物，猫、兔子和狮子是陆地哺乳动物。
Hair or fur covers most land mammals' bodies and this helps keep them warm. 毛发或皮毛覆盖着大多数陆地哺乳动物的身体.
听力
听力词汇：
听力原文：
Welcome to Amazing Animals. People have body parts, and animals do, too! Today I'm talking about animal body parts that are different from ours.
One.
These animals live in the ocean but they're not in the fish group! They don't have fins or gills. Their eyes are on their arms. They have one eye spot on each arm. They can see light and dark. These animals usually have five arms but can have up to forty!
Two.
These animals are in the mammal group. They have very long ears! This helps them hear very well. This is good. because they can't see very well. The ears also help them keep their body cool and warm.
Three.
These animals are mammals but they don't have any fur or hair, They live in the ocean! They don't have any legs, but they have very big mouths. About one hundred people can stand in this animal's mouth!
Four.
These are very small animals but many people are scared of them. They have eight legs. They don't have ears but they hear sound with the hairs on their legs. Most of them have eight eyes but they can't see very well.
Five.
These animals are amphibians. Their babies come from egg sand look like fish. Their eyes are on top of their heads so they can see when they're under the water. Their eyes are open all the time, even when they're sleeping! And they sleep all winter.
Six.
These animals have wings but they're not birds. They have five eyes. There are three small eyes on top of their head and two big eyes in front of their head. They have six legs. Be careful when you see one. If it gets angry, it can hurt you!
每天听+跟读
口语
Expressing Sympathy表示同情
--Are you OK?
--No. My leg hurts.
--Oh, no!
复述课文复述
根据关键字提示复述课文复述
语法
写作
仿写